Update web config file (#565)
jellyfin/jellyfin-docs: general/clients/web-config.md

The Jellyfin Web default interface can be configured using the `config.json` file in the webroot. Where this is and how to edit it depends on the installation method.

> We recommend obtaining the [stable](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/blob/release-10.7.z/src/config.json) or the [unstable](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/blob/master/src/config.json) copy of the file to pre-populate your configuration directory before starting Jellyfin for the first time; unlike most other components of this directory, it will not be created automatically on first run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend obtaining the [stable](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/blob/release-10.7.z/src/config.json) or the [unstable](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/blob/master/src/config.json) default version of the file to pre-populate your configuration directory before starting Jellyfin for the first time; unlike most other components of this directory, it will not be created automatically.
```

--volume /path/to/config/web-config.json:/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/config.json
```

> [!NOTE]

> > If the config.json file doesn't exist first, docker will map it as a directory instead of a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the config.json file doesn't exist on the first run, Docker will map it to a directory instead of a file, which won't work.
```
